you are today with a new edition
of fashion lifestyle and trends
minute florian stahel felix 11 1 is and
Today we want the rubric which
We cover you all you have
already read in the title and
pants buying age may know too
who be
who penetrates his thighs properly
yes who the biceps vilas over us the
not only the two teams is the one
biceps not worth it and rome we will
you massively recommend legs too
train and if you do it then
Can you handle the chicken's problems ?
with the pants purchase and that's what we are for
traveling in hamburg today and i have
visit from nuremberg at the start had
maybe the one or the other
seen video probably works huby
finally the big work with you now
still legendary and yes still a few today
pants come back to me
time around me is plentiful in china
pants burst and then we enter so
few tips on what it is too bitter or
what to look for what you have to
worth putting such in the pants
probably no longer fit or
less that does not fit anymore i would
rather say
a bit of job jeans parted like
the jeans she wears like a pair of sweatpants
Do you know maybe jeans on it want
we value time set today if her him
enacted and so what most of that
a bit flexible with me too
difficult the biggest one still the length
must of course also fit around again
and so on many have many
follower because they are so big with
hatch with 1 196 giants at the start
It can be even harder for me to imagine that
to buy pants but also with me that
problem is often like here on the bus yes
the djs is a little bit far
and on the thigh in turn
Condensing dementia and that's why we think
we value one or the other of you
certainly also have the problem and
we give you today with ours
shoppingtour one or the other tip
and the states of our tour in the old age
parry
So talk to us in Europe
Passage at the Alster in Hamburg
There's been the rural cult and there
Do you have many antique poses so that
is the keyword anti fitz of the level
probably will not fit and
Accordingly, it comes to ancient and whether we
equal
sun hamburg city lean quark with with
cookies and those with fruits and
we were gonna find what's up there
hornier successful shoppingtour or
this thomas mann i dont know if it
that is with you there is called quake
rey it similar to frozen yogurt only
that we really noticed now
have since had to croak even frogs
can
uli lemmer if he diet should of course
to give up the koki pieces and stuff like that
your europes happened better
actually wanted to test what the
taste
Feels that horny micro can
be different from the smallest with air
very cool but because our our quark
is also with with with probably
juvenile sugar and and any
flavor enhancer just this
caramel taser still hinzubekommen
but that's not what we're talking about
filled shopping bags at the beginning of vale
least
the two have only one at a time
trousers hoffmann guys
I had a short topteams with me
need
he is very willing fritz stoffel again
on the topic of job jeans or do you have
I once saw the scort
I left at this check
ins and she would safe little
had gone to burst
at least just because they are not
stretch is and this job seemed on
these we got stuck
36 sit as you have seen quite new
So hetero is a bit homo
moderate but very honest guys if you
trained legs and has fat thighs
a big ass in the pants
then it shows the women are on it
here it says or so in the
I have absolutely no problems
I can say that my exploit
show we are also on the prices
to speak the same
that was the three-quarter pants perfect
suitable for be and for hatch the lobster
wait here is
Of course they emphasize the calves
and the butt again or what the
size xl
we always give it, I know if it is
These brands are in your shop
I always give you this name
or
I'll do the effort and the articles
at Amazon for you raussuchen
this is probably going to solve now
or something apropos price 33 thaler since
short 36 size on again a short one
does not all start like that
level this time, however, in size 34
but there we are again with these
stretch yes and that's just the horny
that these are just at the two
adjust and are just the ba
you could possibly scorten it as well
and favorite agent factory
As I said I 'm doing the effort and
really try the products for you
to find on the internet
Price 30 euros do not concern whether
jeans and the has of 35 is the under
Law was at 20 and for the price
age that is a joke of the brand magath
level and it is a long and accurate
had also seen I
six pants and a top and have
ultimately paid 170 euros
Can not say if you think with
other pants cost 170 euros
and completely legitimate namely, so ask
Keyword pay attention to jobs that are in
moment also hard in the com has in the race
they are modern looking for and
The fit just too thick horses
thighs that fits buttons so far
or I've been torn lately
a lot of
Do you have a or a video show?
and above all , you walk in
such things often a wolf
do you know that
if this is the way you think so, too
really tried comfort
These pants on and move you kameeta
in this changing room
this is finally up to me
have fun i hope you could
one or the other adopted here
will continue for you here already in
Of course hamburg is not yet through
still a lot ahead
Keep the ears rising gives the thumb
high and thank you for watching
loved